Legal Notice Regarding the XOX Game

This game is developed by Xaynx and is protected by copyright laws. Any sale, distribution, or other commercial use of this game in any form can only be conducted by parties with legal permissions. Engaging in the sale or unauthorized use of the game for commercial purposes may result in legal consequences. Such actions could lead to court proceedings and necessary penal actions.

For more information regarding the User Agreement and Copyright Infringement, please contact the developer.

License Rights Xaynx (hereinafter referred to as "Licensor") grants you permission to use the Software solely for personal use and in accordance with the specified terms. The sale, distribution, modification, or commercial use of the Software is prohibited; otherwise, legal action may be initiated.

Usage Rights This Software is provided by Xaynx solely for personal use. You have the following rights:

To run the Software on your computer or mobile device.
To reproduce the original copy of the Software for personal purposes.
Restrictions You are prohibited from:

Selling, renting, distributing, or otherwise using the Software for commercial purposes.
Modifying, reverse engineering, decompiling, redistributing, or creating derivative works of the Software.
Transferring the Software to third parties without permission.
Copyright and Ownership The Software and all related content are owned by Xaynx and its licensors. This license does not grant any ownership rights over the Software. All copyrights, trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property rights are solely owned by Xaynx.

Disclaimer of Liability The Software is provided "as is." Xaynx is not responsible for any damages, losses, or other adverse effects arising from the use of the Software. All risks associated with the use of the Software are borne by the user.

Termination of License This license may be terminated under the following circumstances:

If the user violates the terms of this license.
If Xaynx decides to discontinue the use of the Software. In the event of termination, the user must immediately destroy all copies of the Software.
Legal Notices The Software is subject to Xaynx's local legal regulations and international intellectual property laws. This license will be governed by the laws of the Republic of Turkey.

Contact If you have any questions regarding this license, please contact Xaynx.

Discord: xaynxofficiall
Instagram: xaynxofficiall
YouTube: Xaynx

The game is included in the "dist" folder.

HAVE A GOOD TIME.
HAVE FUN PLAYING.

Made By XAYNX